tj3(1) -- schedules tj3 projects and generates reports
======================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`tj3` [<options>] <file><br>
`tj3` `--help`<br>
`tj3` `--version`

## OPTIONS

*	`--config` <FILE>:
	Use the specified YAML configuration file

*	`--silent`:
	Don't show program and progress information

*	`--no-color`:
	Don't use ANSI contol sequences to color the
	terminal output. Colors should only be used when
	spooling to an ANSI terminal. In case the detection
	fails, you can this option to force colors to be
	off.

*	`--debug`:
	Enable Ruby debug mode

*	`--debuglevel` <N>:
	Verbosity of debug output

*	`--debugmodules` x,y,z:
	Restrict debug output to a list of modules

*	`--freeze`:
	Generate or update the booking file for the
	project. The file will have the same base name as
	the project file but has a -bookings.tji extension.

*	`--freezedate` <date>:
	Use a different date than the current momentas
	cut-off date for the booking file

*	`--freezebytask`:
	Group the bookings in the booking file generated
	during a freeze by task instead of by resource.

*	`--check-time-sheet` <tji-file>:
	Check the given time sheet

*	`--check-status-sheet` <tji-file>:
	Check the given status sheet

*	`--warn-ts-deltas`:
	Turn on warnings for requested changes in time
	sheets

*	`--check-syntax`:
	Only parse the input files and check the syntax.

*	`--no-reports`:
	Just schedule the project, but don't generate any
	reports.

*	`--list-reports` <report ID regular expression>:
	List id, formats and file name of all the defined
	reports that have IDs that match the specified
	regular expression.

*	`--report` <report ID>:
	Only generate the report with the specified ID.
	This option can be used multiple times.

*	`--reports` <report ID regular expression>:
	Only generate the reports that have IDs that match
	the specified regular expression. This option can
	be used multiple times.

*	`-f`, `--force-reports`:
	Generate reports despite scheduling errors

*	`--add-trace`:
	Append a current data set to all trace reports.

*	`--abort-on-warnings`:
	Abort program on warnings like we do on errors.

*	`-o` <directory>, `--output-dir` <directory>:
	Directory the reports should go into

*	`-c` <N>:
	Maximum number of CPU cores to use

*	`-h`, `--help`:
	Show usage information

*	`--version`:
	Show version info

##ENVIRONMENT

*	TASKJUGGLER_DATA_PATH
	Override the path to the TaskJuggler data folder.
	The data folder contains the css, icons and scripts
	for TaskJuggler reports.

*	TZ
	The POSIX Time Zone environment variable.
